Welcome back.
In order to learn about web scraping let's actually build a useful project that we can actually use
and maybe even add to our portfolio.
What I want to build is a nicer version of Hacker News You see every morning as a programmer I wake
up and I usually read hacker news because it's a great way for myself to stay up to date with the industry
and just learn about general programming news.
They have some really really nice articles here and a lot of programmers use Hacker News as a way to
stay up to date with the industry.
This page has a ton of information.
As a matter of fact every time you refresh it's a new topic new you think if I go to the new tab here
for example you see that these stories as I refresh news stories get added constantly.
So it's a very fast paced Web site because a lot of people post news links here to get traction because
there's so many readers here.
Now in order for me not to get overwhelmed I usually only like reading or checking out the stories that
have over 100 points.
That is they've been uploaded by users so let's build the tool using web scraping that when I wake up
in the morning instead of having to scroll through and find out all the stories that have over 100 points
because those are the most popular ones maybe the most important ones.
Let's scrape this data and then remove all the stories that well have less than 100 points so that I
can only focus on the important news article.
Sounds pretty exciting right.
That's a great use of Python to make our life easier now after we're done with this project there are
many ways to apply this knowledge.
For example one of the things that Hacker News has is every month they have a who's hiring where companies
post job opportunities for programmers.
So a good project might be to actually scrape this data of companies posting different job opportunities
and maybe try and figure out what the trends are what type of programmers are the most in demand.
Hey are Python programmers the most in demand.
Maybe by scraping and finding how many times the word python gets mentioned or maybe is Java or Javascript
programmers.
The most common and maybe you can create a Web site that tracks the trends of different posts to see
well what skill you should be learning to stay up to date and make sure that it's the most in demand
skill.
Just an idea but let's focus on this for now.
In order for us to scrape this Web site we want to use a tool called Beautiful Soup and beautiful soup
is what we can use in Python.
It's a library that we can use in Python to scrape Web sites.
They have a very old school web site here but it's a very useful tool that most web scraping projects
use.
So in the next video we're going to get our hands dirty.
We're going to learn about beautiful soup and start creating our web scraping project with Hacker News.
Let's get started.